add EAT claims registrations for the AR4SI types (#31)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-ar4si: draft-ietf-rats-ar4si.md

    target: https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/presidential-actions/2021/05/12/executive-order-on-improving-the-nations-cybersecurity/
    title: "Executive Order on Improving the Nation's Cybersecurity"
    date: 2021-05-12
  IANA.cwt:
  IANA.jwt:

entity:
    SELF: "RFCthis"

--- abstract

This document defines reusable Attestation Result information elements.
When these elements are offered to Relying Parties as Evidence, different aspects of Attester trustworthiness can be evaluated.
Additionally, where the Relying Party is interfacing with a heterogeneous mix of Attesting Environment and Verifier types, consistent policies can be applied to subsequent information exchange between each Attester and the Relying Party.

> This document also defines two serialisations of the proposed information model, utilising CBOR and JSON, and the associated EAT claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document also specifies the proposed information elements and corresponding EAT claims, utilizing CBOR and JSON serializations.
```

This document defines information elements for Attestation Results in a way which normalizes the trustworthiness assertions that can be made from a diverse set of Attesters.

> This document also defines two serialisations of the proposed information model, utilising CBOR {{-cbor}} and JSON {{-json}}, and the associated EAT {{-eat}} claims.

Reviewer: errr... line 113 clone? merge
